PERSONAL EXPENSE TRACKER

Expense Tracker System is designed to keep a track of Income-Expense of an organisation on a day-to-day basis. This System divides the Income based on daily expenses. If exceed day’s expense, system will calculate income and will provide new daily expense allowed amount. Daily expense tracking System will generate report at the end of month to show Income-Expense graph. And employees send reports to the manager for verification. Manager send final reports to administrator .Based on the final reports system predict the next month expense . It will helps to manage over all expense and income . Businesses utilize expense management software to process, pay, and audit employee-initiated expenses. The software includes capabilities for employees to input expenses for approval through a forms. Expense management software simplifies and automates a business’ expense entry, eliminates paper trail, and reduces administrative effort. Expense management software allows administrators to have full visibility of and track employee use of business financial resources. Expense management software analyzes overall expenses, identifies cost-saving opportunities, and controls excessive spending.“Expense Tracker” is developed to manage the daily expenses in a more efficient and manageable way. By using this application. we can reduce the manual calculations of the daily expenses and keep track of the expenditure. In this application, user can provide his income to calculate his total expenses per day and these results will be stored for each user. The application has the provision to predict the income and expense for the manager using data mining. Budgeting systematically and Expense Tracking takes a crucial role in managing the expenses of business organizations. Expense tracking (for managing the employee developed expenses) will bring in several advantages for an organization. That are helpful for the stake-holders in processes of expense. The expense tracker will help any organization to deal with all their expenses more efficiently. By using software for managing expense tracking will help to control unnecessary expenses. There are several benefits and advantages of using online expense trackers, expense tracking makes any organization run faster and smoother.